Saturday we woke up at home to the
violent sounds of bombardments and the
launching of the
Rockets we quickly ran to the kids to
check on them they woke up from the
sounds and they were screaming I'm y Al
jazer English correspondent in Gaza and
between us the past few days have been a
living hell for those living in
Gaza
it was like really scary the first thing
we did was put them under the uh kitchen
bar for it to be like the safest place
just uh heing Rockets flying over our
heads from everywhere all the time from
different
directions just seeing white smoke in
the sky and not really knowing what's
going on I saw uh a building that's
being leveled ex right opposite to the
building of uh my family home I quickly
had to get ready and get to the bureau
so that I can start the
coverage it was extremely difficult for
me to leave them I tell them that I love
them so much I tell them uh to take care
of themselves and and I'm I like inside
me I literally know it's either I I
might not make it
I might not see them again what can you
report at this
stage all right yumna please take
cover no it's okay
um this is a mile attack on on Palestine
Tower
we're at a
[Music]
neighborhood one of the mostly
populated on Wednesday we woke up uh in
the morning it was a very very violent
night of
bombardment there was no water uh there
was no electricity and there were no uh
telephone signals we had no Wi-Fi
internet we were completely shut off I
have solar energy in my home so we could
get a little bit of charging our phones
and a little bit of electricity for uh
lights and and so on the bombardment was
very heavy so we weren't really able to
leave the building or go anywhere to try
to get water into the building we spend
like hours like that all the families in
the building we suddenly felt like we're
in a deserted place no one is able to
reach us we're not able to reach anyone
everything is happening so quickly and
it's really really difficult for any
human being to take all we think about
is how to make these kids uh feel
safe literally our buildings are like
shaking with every bombardment but we
just tell them don't worry it's far away
we're staying together if we die we die
to
together the capacities of the hospital
zingas are completely filled up with
patience the morgs are completely filled
up with
bodies look behind you along those
streets and alleys hundreds are killed
and buried under the debris we have been
abandoned by the Arabs the whole world
is watching in silence in in the midst
of all these crisis that people are
going through we're hearing news about a
land invasion
a land Invasion means a mass destruction
in the Gaza Strip over or on top of all
the destruction that we've already
witnessed and we're still
ongoing people in Gaza we feel like
we're just in a cage we're trying to
escape from corner to another corner and
that's it we're just in that same cage
trapped we have nowhere to
[Music]
run am